quadcopter_simulation/README.md, before:

Quadcopter 3D Simulator
-----

The project simulates a quadcopter in 3D environment. It contains a basic quadcopter dynamics model, hover controller, trajectory generator, visualisation toolkit and a top level scheduler which runs each module at a specific rate.

![alt tag](https://github.com/hbd730/quadcopter-simulator/blob/master/sim.gif)

Motivation
-----
I have been playing and studying quadcopter in my spare time since 2014 when I first bought a crazyflie. There are many interesting projects around already, like vision-based SLAM, hover control and advance manoeuvre, etc. However, there are very few open source quadcopter simulator which helps a beginner to overcome the mental barrier of understanding the underlying physics. There are a lot of research papers on the topic of quadcopter control and autonomous application, but none of those can be made possible without a decent simulation tool. This project aims to address that. Thanks to Coursera's online course Aerial Robotics by Professor Vijay Kumar, which presents quadcopter's motion equations in detail, I was then inspired and finally able to write this from scratch.

To Run
-----
The simulator only uses matplotlib and scipy. You can simply run the following:
```
make
python runsim.py
```

Future Work
-----
1. add sensor noise model, wind.
2. add sensor fusion.i.e EKF,UKF
3. reinforment learning.

Contribution
-----
Any contribution are welcome if you are interested in the project, but please let me know.

Contact
-----
Peter Huang

Email: hbd730@gmail.com

Commit message:

Integrate the RRT* and A* code with the point cloud environment obstacle code

quadcopter_simulation/README.md, after:

# Multi-Agent Drone Exploration Simulations

This repository provides two simulation frameworks for multi-agent drone exploration:

- **A\***: grid-based path planning with role-based exploration and task execution.
- **RRT\***: continuous-space Rapidly-exploring Random Tree-Star planning integrated into the same multi-agent setup.

## To Run

The simulator only uses matplotlib and scipy. You can simply run the following:
```
make
python runsim.py
```

## Comparing A* vs RRT*

Run both planners back-to-back and compare their performance:

```bash
python run_rrt_simulation.py \
  --compare       \  # triggers A* then RRT* simulations
  --surveyors 3   \
  --workers 2     \
  --space 10.0
```

This will:
1. Run the A* simulation and print its metrics.
2. Run the RRT* simulation and print its metrics.
3. Generate side-by-side comparison plots (`astar_vs_rrtstar.png`).

## Customization

- **Surveyors vs Workers:** Adjust roles with `--surveyors` and `--workers`.
- **Environment Size:** Change `--space` to vary the world bounds.
- **Debug Visualization:** Toggle per-frame logs with `--no-debug`.

Happy exploring! 🚁
